README.md, before:

# COP2552 - Object Oriented Programming 2

## Description
This is a project-based course that teaches advanced object-oriented programming concepts using the Java programming language.
Projects include: developing and deploying database-driven, web-based applications using Eclipse and SQL Server. Advanced topics include MVC Framework, basic database integration, exception handling, and GUI creation, among others.

Professor: [Debbie Reid](https://www.sfcollege.edu/ite/contact/index) 

## Projects
- project 1 (not provided) was akin to a "hello world" application using java `JOptionPane`
- [project 2](https://github.com/nasumilu-owner/cop2552/tree/main/project2) merge three input files of patient information. 
- [project 3](https://github.com/nasumilu-owner/cop2552/tree/main/project3) this program is designed to collect exercise
 activities from user input and aggregate those activities to show the total and average time spent for each activity
 and the total and average number of calories burned.
- [project 4](https://github.com/nasumilu-owner/cop2552/tree/main/project4) this program read a plain text file of
historical hurricane information and allows the user to select from a `JComoBox`
programmatically derived aggregate operations. The progject demonstrates a very basic chain-of-reponsiblity pattern and
utilizes the java.util.streams package.
- [project 5](https://github.com/nasumilu-owner/cop2552/tree/main/project5) this project `Movie` text data from a file into
an `ArrayList`; The list is mapped and grouped by there `Genre`; Additionally, this project has two view modes swing or console.

[^1]:https://catalog.sfcollege.edu/preview_course.php?catoid=4&coid=1664&print

Commit message:

add link to in-class exercises and made other relative

README.md, after:

# COP2552 - Object Oriented Programming 2

## Description
This is a project-based course that teaches advanced object-oriented programming concepts using the Java programming language.
Projects include: developing and deploying database-driven, web-based applications using Eclipse and SQL Server. Advanced topics include MVC Framework, basic database integration, exception handling, and GUI creation, among others.

Professor: [Debbie Reid](https://www.sfcollege.edu/ite/contact/index) 

## Projects
- [class-exercises](./class-exercises/) group of in-class exercises.
- project 1 (not provided) was akin to a "hello world" application using java `JOptionPane`
- [project 2](./project2/) merge three input files of patient information. 
- [project 3](./project3/) this program is designed to collect exercise
 activities from user input and aggregate those activities to show the total and average time spent for each activity
 and the total and average number of calories burned.
- [project 4](./project4/) this program read a plain text file of
historical hurricane information and allows the user to select from a `JComoBox`
programmatically derived aggregate operations. The progject demonstrates a very basic chain-of-reponsiblity pattern and
utilizes the java.util.streams package.
- [project 5](./project5/) this project `Movie` text data from a file into
an `ArrayList`; The list is mapped and grouped by there `Genre`; Additionally, this project has two view modes swing or console.

[^1]:https://catalog.sfcollege.edu/preview_course.php?catoid=4&coid=1664&print
